Are conditions in which hypersensitivity of the immune system causes a reaction to substances which are usually harmless, causing the production of inflammatory chemicals such as histamines. Types of allergy include food allergies (not to be confused with Food Intolerances or Food Poisoning), atopic dermatitis, allergic asthma, anaphylaxis, and allergic rhinitis (also known as hay fever, which is most common), for example. No cure exists for allergies, but several treatments exist such as antihistamines, corticosteroids, avoiding the allergen, and allergen immunotherapy (also known as desensitization.)
A form of cancer that originates in the cortex of the adrenal gland and has no definitive cure.
Also known as motor neurone disease or Lou Gehrig's Disease
Is a condition where one feels joint pain. There is no known cure, but there are treatments that help.
Is a disease that mutates too frequently for a vaccine or cure to be created, and is rarely fatal.
This is a neurodegenerative disease. There is no treatment or cure for this disease, although there has been extensive efforts done to reduce the chance of being infected with it.
Is an autoimmune disorder and chronic inflammatory disease. It is triggered by the ingestion of gluten, a protein found in wheat, barley and rye. Coeliac disease causes the inflammation of the gut and small intestines. After frequent exposures, villi in the intestines can be eroded which weakens intestinal lining. Coeliac sufferers still ingesting gluten will experience varying levels of pain, diarrhoea, gas and bloating after initial exposure. Long term exposure can result in further health problems such as anemia, musculoskeletal problems, nerve damage, seizures, osteoporosis and others. Currently there is no cure and the only treatment is a strict gluten-free diet,[8] although there is ongoing research into looking for a cure.
A rare cancer that has no standardised treatment or cure.
Is a common disorder that impairs the body's ability to produce and use insulin. There is no cure for it, but there are effective treatment plans to help control it.
Is inherited, no cure, few treaments, nodules, cords, contractures, of one or both hands. Associated diseases: Ledderhose (feet), frozen shoulder, Peyronie's disease (penis).
Although there is treatment that has resulted in patients infected with this virus to have a full recovery, there is no vaccine or cure available. However, there are currently two potential vaccines that are under evaluation by the WHO. The only way to currently recover from this virus is to have a constant stream of medication and fluids.
While epilepsy can be considered to be resolved for "individuals who had an age-dependent epilepsy syndrome but are now past the applicable age or those who have remained seizure-free for the last 10 years, with no seizure medicines for the last 5 years", those with a history of epilepsy that is now considered resolved have a greater risk of seizures than the baseline unaffected population and there is no guarantee that epilepsy will not return in resolved individuals.
This is a prion disease that is inherited and causes insomnia and other symptoms. The average life span of a person who has Fatal Familial Insomnia is around 18 months after it developing.
A genetic disorder characterised by soft tissue injuries healing into bone. Despite this, the bones do not have joints and limit mobility. Cutting off the bone results in explosive bone growth. It is genetic, and no known cure exists.
A multi-system syndrome that develops in some previously healthy patients that are prescribed an oral fluoroquinolone antibacterial drug.
Most genetic diseases are incurable.
Is an infection marked by genital pain and sores. It is sexually transmitted if no protection and is very common
No cure exists for HIV/AIDS, but medication exists that can help control the symptoms of it.
No cure exists for this autosomal dominant hereditary disorder, although surgery to remove exostoses (growths of bone) is an option when they get to an unbearable level, and medication exists to control the condition as it can cause extreme pain in bones and joints, as well as hinder and lessen the mobility of sufferers.
Is a group of inflammatory diseases of the gastrointestinal tract. These include Crohn's disease and Ulcerative colitis. IBD is not considered curable - whilst ulcerative colitis may be treated by removing the colon, this may not cure symptoms outside of the intestine. Surgery is also used to treat severe cases of Crohn's disease. Other treatments include medications, dietic therapies, a fecal microbiota transplant to support health of the microbiome, and immunosupression. Research is also being done into treating IBD with stem cell therapy, though this is faced with challenges such as being expensive.
Is a very common functional disorder of the gastrointestinal tract. Symptoms include abdominal pain, diarrhoea, and consitpation besides others. There is no cure for IBS, but it can be treated with diets (such as a low FODMAP diet) and medications, such as laxatives and antidiarrhoeals.
Joint pain may have multiple causes, and/or be associated with multiple diseases. Some have cures, others are incurable but the joint pain may be ameliorated. 
Is a disease characterized by itchy reddish-purple polygon-shaped skin lesions on the lower back, wrists, and ankles. It may also present with a burning sensation in the mouth, and a lattice-like network of white lines near sites of erosion (Wickham striae). The cause is unknown, but it is thought to be the result of an autoimmune process with an unknown initial trigger. There is no cure, but many different medications and procedures have been used in efforts to control the symptoms.
This virus is responsible for 18~24% of all causes of acute gastroenteritis worldwide, however there is no treatment, vaccine, or cure available.
Degeneration of eyesight with no cure that can repair the damaged tissue. However, there are management techniques that reduce future damage caused by this disease.
This virus is very deadly and has no treatment, vaccine, or cure available.
Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a demyelinating disease in which the insulating covers of nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord are damaged. This damage disrupts the ability of parts of the nervous system to communicate, resulting in a range of signs and symptoms, including physical, mental, and sometimes psychiatric problems. There is no known cure.
Is aninherited disease
An autoimmune disorder of the neuro-muscular junction characterized by muscle weakness that fluctuates, worsening with exertion, and improving with rest. There is no known cure.
Progeria has no cure and a very small amount of treatments. However, there is a medicine in the making that is undergoing testing and trials that may lead to a cure. The disorder usually leads to death at a young age.
While there is a vaccine to prevent Polio, there is no known cure for it.
Is an auto-immune disease which affects the skin. It can be treated and controlled to some extent with medication but has no definitive cure.
A disease that weakens the bones in your body. It is very common and there is no known cure.
Is an autoimmune disease in which the body’s immune system mistakenly attacks the joints.
Is an X-linked genetic brain disorder.
Many treatments are available and proven to improve the condition, however, there is no definitive cure for this mental disease.
Is a genetic disorder that inhibits the person's ability to use their nervous system.